README.md, before:

## vim-tabdrop

### Installation
Install either with [vim-plug](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug), [Vundle](https://github.com/gmarik/vundle), [Pathogen](https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen) or [Neobundle](https://github.com/Shougo/neobundle.vim).

### Usage
This plugin provides enhanced version of the built-in `:tab drop` command (if the file is already open in a tab then vim will switch to that tab instead of opening a new window). You can:
1. Run `:Tabdrop path_to_open` to open specified path
2. Run `:TabdropPushTag` to save the current location in a stack
3. Run `:TabdropPopTag` to jump back to the last location

For example, if you use [LanguageClient-neovim](https://github.com/autozimu/LanguageClient-neovim) to do code traversal, having the following config in your vimrc makes you traverse code just like using ctags (but without really generating the tag file).

```vim
nnoremap <C-]> :call Gotodef()<CR>
nmap <C-t> :TabdropPopTag<Cr>

function! Gotodef()
    TabdropPushTag
    call LanguageClient_textDocument_definition({'gotoCmd': 'Tabdrop'})
endfunction
```

### Customization
By default, if the target tab is different than the current tab, vim-tabdrop close the current tab on `TabdropPopTag` command. To prevent from this, add the following snippet in your vimrc

```vim
let g:tabdrop_close_on_poptag=0
```

Commit message:

Jump to line and col. Add an example for tags.

README.md, after:

## vim-tabdrop

### Installation
Install either with [vim-plug](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug), [Vundle](https://github.com/gmarik/vundle), [Pathogen](https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen) or [Neobundle](https://github.com/Shougo/neobundle.vim).

### Usage
This plugin provides enhanced version of the built-in `:tab drop` command (if the file is already open in a tab then vim will switch to that tab instead of opening a new window). You can:
1. Run `:Tabdrop path_to_open [line#], [col#]` to open specified path. Pass the optional line and column number if you want to jump to certain line and column.
2. Alternatively, use `call tabdrop#tabdrop(path, line#, col#)`.
3. Run `:TabdropPushTag` to save the current location in a stack
4. Run `:TabdropPopTag` to jump back to the last location

For example, if you use [LanguageClient-neovim](https://github.com/autozimu/LanguageClient-neovim) to do code traversal, having the following config in your vimrc you can jump to function definition in a new (or existing) tab by pressing `Alt+d` and jump back by pressing `Alt-s`.

```vim
nnoremap <M-d> :call Gotodef()<CR>
nmap <M-s> :TabdropPopTag<Cr>

function! Gotodef()
    TabdropPushTag
    call LanguageClient_textDocument_definition({'gotoCmd': 'Tabdrop'})
endfunction
```

To have a unified mapping for both a language server and tags file. You can define the `Gotodef` function as:
```vim
function! Gotodef()
    TabdropPushTag
    try
        execute 'tab tag '.expand('<cword>')
        let l:target=expand('%:p')
        let l:line = line('.')
        let l:col = col('.')
        quit
        call tabdrop#tabdrop(l:target, l:line, l:col)
        call feedkeys("\<esc>")
    catch
        call LanguageClient_textDocument_definition({'gotoCmd': 'Tabdrop'})
    endtry
endfunction
```

### Customization
By default, if the target tab is different than the current tab, vim-tabdrop close the current tab on `TabdropPopTag` command. To prevent from this, add the following snippet in your vimrc

```vim
let g:tabdrop_close_on_poptag=0
```
